 Lesson 17 
  Precious  and  Semi-Precious Stones 
  "My! What a beautiful ring you're wearing!" This  compliment never fails to flatter and honor the lucky wearer
  of  the ring or other pieces of jewelry bedecked with  precious or   semi-precious stones. Most people  know the names of only some  fo these natural treasures. Many people  are surprised to learn that all  semi-precious stones can be bought  inexpensively, not  to mention that  the precious   stones can also be  had  for far less than  one imagined. However, as with  everything else  in life, you have to pay for the  best quality.   This  lesson will give the reader   both  information and tips on gem stones and their purchase.

precious  [ˈpreʃəs] adj.珍奇的；珍  compliment  [ˈkɑmplɪmənt] v.赞美称赞钦佩 n.称赞；赞扬
flatter [ˈflætər] v.奉承；讨好；向…谄媚；自命不凡   semi-precious /ˌsem.iˈpreʃ.əs/
jewelry  [ˈdʒuːəlri]     n.珠宝；首  bedecked  [bɪˈdekt]v.打扮
treasure  [ˈtreʒər]n.宝藏；财富；宝贝

  Just  what are  precious and  semi-precious  stones? The  word semi refers to anything   which is half or only partial; thus,  semi-precious stones are not precious,  by definition.  Actually, some high-quality semi-precious  stones are far  more expensive   than  some low-grade precious stones, so the terms "precious"  and  "semi-precious"  when   applied to  stones do not refer necessarily to  their  cost.

 All authorities on gems  agree   that the diamond, ruby, sapphire, and emerald are  precious stones.  Some  of these   experts include the opal as a fifth precious  stone while others   consider the pearl in this class. The   latter may surprise the reader,  but on reflection,  pearls, are also  a  kind  of stone,   though organically produced by certain  shellfish rather than  by geologic forces.


  Semi-precious stones include all other  stones considered  worthy of use in jewelry.  The  list of these  stones is very long;  suffice it  to say that  there  are several hundred  such stones, though most people are aware  of only a  couple  of dozen   of their  names, and  few  people can  readily recognize   more than   a  couple of any type  of stone at all.

 Diamonds  and the colored stones ruby ,
